add README (#3)
dolthub/gitgraph.js: packages/gitgraph-core/README.md

This is the fork of package of [GitGraph.js](https://github.com/nicoespeon/gitgraph.js).

> Made changes to take commit info from [DoltHub](https://wwww.dolthub.com) and render graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package make changes to take commit info from [DoltHub](https://wwww.dolthub.com) in order to render the commit graph.
```

Changes are:

1. Reversed the commit list order in `packages/gitgraph-core/src/branches-order.ts`, so that the branches set are ordered by oldest to newest:

```ts
[...commits].reverse().forEach((commit, i) => {
  this.branches.add(commit.branchToDisplay);
});
```

> 2. in `packages/gitgraph-core/src/branches-paths.ts`, change the branch path from a curve line to a straight line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. in `packages/gitgraph-core/src/branches-paths.ts`, change the branch path from a curved line to a straight line.
```
